air travel is exploding three million
people thirty thousand planes in the air
every single day
but so many planes in the sky it's no
surprise that things don't always go
according to plan
flying is it isn't currently risking the
aircraft's traveling at the speed of a
pistol bullet it's in a rarefied
atmosphere it's minus 56 degrees outside
the aeroplane
look for pilots the major worries don't
begin until you get near the ground
there will be incident and most of those
over 50% occur on landing tonight we
countdown the world's 10 scariest plane
landings caught on film
this is Los Angeles International
Airport the lives of the 146 people on
board this flight from California to New
York rest on this twisted piece of metal
the next few seconds determine whether
the front landing gear will hold up on
touchdown or snapping to and drive the
nose of the plane into the runway local
news a reporting live from the scene a
worldwide audience of millions holds its
breath very serious situation it all
comes down these next few moments for
those people who are on board the flight
it's 17 minutes past 6:00 in the evening
this plane took off nearly three hours
ago from Burbank Airport just 30 miles
down the coast it's been circling for
hours preparing for an emergency
touchdown
problems began just minutes after
takeoff when the pilot attempted to
retract the planes landing gear he knew
where the problem lay but couldn't be
sure exactly what was wrong
passenger Dave rinette's was on the
flight and he remembers the moment the
pilot announced that they had a problem
so I'm sitting in there and I'm kind of
in that hazy travelers sleep thing and
and then there's some commotion about
the cabin the pilot comes on and he says
we have an indication that there may be
some problems with the landing gear as
the 140 passengers on board begin to
take him what's happening Dave rinette's
picks up his video camera and starts to
film
there was some tension in the plane he
could feel people getting a little bit
nervous and then a little while later
maybe five minutes later he comes on
again and he says so we are going to do
a visual inspection of the landing gear
so we're going to go down to Long Beach
we're going to find fly low and slow so
that they can see the landing gear to
determine whether in fact there's a
problem and so now it's getting a little
bit nervous now we're now we're detoured
we're going in a different direction to
go into another airport to look at it so
again it gets a little bit more nervous
Long Beach air traffic control confirmed
that the planes landing gear was stuck
in the wrong position an emergency
landing was now inevitable but things
were about to take an even more surreal
turn for the passengers of flight 292
there were TVs on the plane and all of a
sudden there's coverage of some plane in
trouble on the TV's so I'm watching the
television and there's a plane having a
problem and suddenly you know I'm
thinking wow the poor folks on that
plane then I realize I'm that's the
that's the plane we're up that's us some
people turn it right off like they don't
want to know but I think think most
people are really focused on and then
they're kind of comparing notes what are
you watching what are they saying what
are they saying what's what's going on
tension is rising in the cabin were
still the 737s design means it's not
able to dump fuel from its tanks so the
pilot is forced to keep flying in order
to burn off enough to land safely
we realize there's going to be a couple
of hours of flying around burning off
fuel before the emergency landing it's
kind of like hey you're going to have a
car accident but hang out for a couple
of hours there are several reasons for
burning off the fuel he must reduce the
amount of flammable aviation fuel on
board in case of fire and he needs to be
at the right weight for landing land too
hard and he might snap the landing gear
right away but perhaps most importantly
he wants to keep his remaining fuel in
the tanks located at the back of the
aeroplane
the reason to keep the weighted the rear
so the pilot can keep the nose of the
plane off the ground for as long as
possible
as the moment of impact approaches
passenger Dave rinette's will cause this
extraordinary message
a barman to make I'm watching
the plane on the TV we're having landing
gear problems we're gonna crash Lander
emergency lane crash the bad word LAX
they tell us everything's gonna be fine
and it is but
just uh
that's just the case
everything is gonna be groovy
then just after Dave recorded what he
thought might be his very last words the
captain of flight 292 prepared his
damaged plane for landing
as time rolls and we get closer and
closer to the emergency land and they
start to prepare us and and it's a weird
thing we have to decide which position I
want to be in so I've got a couple of
choices in the choices either you can't
put your arms up high and leaning
against the front or you can go down low
and put your head between your knees so
all of a sudden I have to decide what
position would I like to be in a plane
crash in you know what position do you
want to die in
coming up on world's scariest plane
landings things are getting hot in
Manchester I wins in journey
and we prepare for landing with the
passengers of flight 292
the 146 passengers and crew onboard this
flight are desperate to land
they've been circling this Airport for
over two hours but the planes front
landing gear is twisted the wrong way
around
if it snaps on touchdown then those of
the plane will smash into the ground at
a hundred miles an hour fatalities would
be inevitable one passenger Dave reinert
is filming at all the pilot prepares
flight 292 for impact
the first three rows of seats have been
emptied all able-bodied persons have
been positioned by the emergency exits
to assist with evacuation then the
captain utters the words you never want
to hear on a plane it all comes down to
this these next few moments for those
people who are on board this JetBlue
flight there I am I'm leaning up against
the thing you know you can feel the
plane coming down you can feel it
happening yo and we go down there and
then all of a sudden over the speakers
and in the cabin you can hear the crew
yelling brace brace brace hundreds of
firemen literally lined up along this
runway we've never seen a response like
this ten feet above and now you see
those Bain landing gear touching down
but if the view from outside is shocking
it's even more terrifying for those
people inside the plane you get closer
and closer then we hit the ground and
it's just shaken it's just shake it and
then he can smell I can smell the
burning rubber from the tires just being
ripped to pieces we could smell that his
phrase brace brace and seemed to go on
for a long time
and then finally just stopped
I mean it just settles down and we
realize that we're still in one piece
and then there's this big cheer
it's kind of like the first wave of
surprise and then the rays of
celebration and then it was just for me
it was just getting me off this plane
and I remember walking down the stairs
and turning around and seeing the
landing gear and seeing it completely
sheared off halfway like a perfect half
circle that you couldn't have measured
it and cut it any better
that was a visually something I'll
always remember
incredibly everyone on this flight
walked away unharmed
there are six million working parts on a
passenger plane in this case accident
investigators found that a warm bolt
contributed to the seizure of the planes
landing gear but the reason for this
next incident is much more fundamental
this Cessna 310 twin-engine aircraft is
being ferried from the west coast of the
United States to its new owner in
Australia it's being delivered by a 65
year old professional playing career
from the UK he took off from California
and hopes to refuel in Hawaii 2,400
miles away
unfortunately he only has enough fuel
for 2390 miles that's ten miles short
luckily the pilot realized that he was
running out of fuel about 400 miles ago
and radioed for help this footage was
filmed by the Hawaiian Coast Guard who
flew beside him in a c-130 hercules
helicopter coaching him on how to land a
tiny plane in the heavy pacific swell
under the circumstances it's an amazing
landing and the sprightly OAP is out of
the cockpit and in the arms of a rescue
swimmer in seconds
the plane sank the pilot escaped with
minor injuries how he explained it all
to the planes owner we'll never know
it's 2006 this TNT cargo plane departed
from Liege in Belgium on route to London
Stansted Airport it's already had one
disastrous landing today
now it's preparing for an emergency
landing
here at Birmingham International
the pilots have already made a mistake
that will cost them their jobs but their
biggest challenge is yet to come they
have to land a crippled plane
this plane crashed into the ground at
Nottingham East Midlands less than an
hour ago after the pilot accidentally
switched off his autopilot system just
as it was in the middle of landing the
plane in dense fog the crew of two
managed to get the plane back in the air
but its landing gear has been critically
damaged now they have to land it they
left behind most of their undercarriage
at least Midlands
well they now diverted with the rook and
aeroplane to Birmingham
the right hand landing gear has been
ripped from the aircraft we are going to
have to land this 56 tonne plane on one
set of wheels the two pilots still
coming to terms with one crash landing
are about to be put through a serious
test of their ability No
emergency services are standing by a
Birmingham International and it's all
being filmed by a west midlands police
helicopter
where you see the wing rising there
that's not a disaster about happen
that's the pilot trying to keep it on
the left gear for as long as possible so
that when the right wing comes down and
hits the tarmac it won't be such a big
impact and therefore less risk of the
engine being torn
this landing has gone well so far but
the pilots aren't out of danger yet the
engine is scraping along the tarmac
spitting the red-hot sparks of metal
just a few feet from their fuel tanks if
the tanks are ruptured the results could
be catastrophic
oops very slightly barbra gage are just
about school attendance firefighters
spring into action dousing the plane
with fire retardant foam until finally
all is safe how do you mention that
being an F was gonna be closed for him
they've got this aircraft now stranded
on the roadway with only two other three
sets of wheels so nothing else he'd be
able to land or take off while the two
pilots were praised for landing the
plane in such difficult circumstances
they were both fired for their role in
the earlier accident
this is leeds/bradford International
Airport at 681 feet above sea level it
is the highest airport in England
guaranteeing it more than its fair share
of high winds it's had more than a few
dramatic landings in recent years
but it's not just the strength of the
windows the problem here
it's the direction the wind is blowing
that really matters and around these
parts that's not always easy to predict
the wrong way never seems to line up
with the local wind for some reason and
because it's on a hill it can be quite
blustery and challenging it's not the
longest runway in the world and it does
have quite a slope on it on one end it
certainly focuses the attention the
problem for pilots is that leads only
has one runway so there is no plan B if
the cross wind is blowing you either
land will go elsewhere
but of all the jaw-dropping landings
that have touched down at leeds/bradford
one stands out above all others
on August the 2nd 1986 this small
Regional Airport showed the prints of
planes that she was not to be taken
lightly
60,000 people stood out on a cold and
windy day to greet the first ever
Concorde flight from Sharda Gordon Paris
to Leeds Bradford in Eden Concorde was
running late
rumours spread throughout the crowd that
it had been diverted to Manchester
because of crosswinds but then with a
boom it appeared
thirty mile an hour winds meant the
Concorde was right up against its
crosswinds safety limits the captain
appears unsure whether to touch down
then with the blast of his two
rolls-royce engines he rules off landing
a few minutes later two huge applause
the French captain told local
journalists that his first approach was
all part of his grand entrance not
everyone was convinced says yes verb
difficult
would you like to try it again yes yes
but
but today because you come back to there
too
as soon as possible it was the first
time Air France landed their Concorde at
leeds/bradford and the last from then on
the supersonic plane was flown into
Leeds like British Airways
it's March the first 2008 once again
winds are the problem extra-tropical
cyclone EMA is wreaking havoc throughout
Central Europe in Germany Gustav
reaching 60 miles an hour inside this
flight from Munich to Hamburg passengers
and crew are feeling the effects of some
seriously strong crosswinds
the pilot has a decision to make aboard
the landing and go elsewhere attempt to
go around and try again or take the
landing on
the general point about crosswinds is
that there is a limit every aircrafts
got a crosswind limit but the winds can
be gusting you could be you might have a
crosswind limit of 35 knots which is a
lot imagine sticking your head after
birth of a car window going at 40 miles
an hour that would feel like a lot well
that's what's blowing against the plane
you know in the wrong direction as the
time that is trying to land
the problem for this pilot is that it's
notoriously difficult to predict when a
gust will come and how strong it will be
when it does either way this pilot
appears to be feeling confident
it might look like the plane is being
blown all over the place
but this pilot is doing what is known as
cravaack a crucial skill in this kind of
landing
Golic crabbing because you're moving
effectively sideways into the wind and
it looks extraordinary and then the last
minute which is why pilots love it so
much
they kick the rudder they kick the
rudder yeah I mean how many
opportunities you get to kick the rudder
on a commercial airliner brings it on
straights and on it goes but before he
kicks the rudder a huge gust of wind
hits the plane
it lurches to one side and then the
worst-case scenario the wing hits the
runway that kind of impact can flip a
plane right over sending it cartwheeling
down the runway the aircraft quite
clearly wasn't stabilized on its
approach to that landing and I think
should have been thrown away at a much
earlier stage you should have made a
go-around much sooner but he persisted
hoping he was going to come right and
clearly it didn't come right at all
it's a terrifying moment fall on board
with no options left the pilot powers up
his two engines to try and pull the
plane back into the air it works
the pilot regains control and climbs to
safety landing the plane shortly
afterwards on another less windy runway
coming up on world's scariest plane
landings lightning over London and we go
inside the cabin of the most
talked-about landing of 2011
welcome back we're counting down the
world's scariest plane landings
the pilot has just told you to buckle up
the crew are seated you're just eight
minutes from your destination that is
when your flight is at its most
vulnerable and we have the footage to
prove it
it's November 2011 flight ello zero one
six from New York to Warsaw is in
trouble just after departure the
computerized crewing alert system warned
of a malfunction in the central
hydraulics result the landing gear is
stuck inside the belly of the plane
the pilot has decided not to tell his
passengers that they have a problem
until he has a plan
there's usually a point in any instance
particularly this one where there's a
period of time for the flight crew to
diagnose the situation and potentially
be able to rectify it so there wouldn't
necessarily have been a need to brief
the passengers at any point during the
flight until it became apparent that
there was going to have to be an
emergency landing
the captain decided to push on for
Warsaw working on a solution with his
team they have tried everything but
nothing has worked
a pilot is very rule-bound and rule
based and will follow all the protocols
all the standard operating procedures as
far as he possibly can but there comes a
time when it doesn't matter what rules
you have you have to you have to break
those rules in order to achieve the aim
which of course is getting the airplane
safely on the ground the crew eventually
had to accept the fact that they were
going to have to run the aircraft with
no landing gear whatsoever
with his fuel running low the Polish
pilot informs his 220 passengers that
the planes landing gear is stuck inside
the plane
but he does have a plan he's going to
try to land this 150 ton plane on its
belly
ultimately the thing that can damage the
airplane and the passengers Insider is
collision with something solid and so in
an aircraft crash it's either another
airplane or it's the ground
fireproof foam has been sprayed on the
runway but as it scrapes along the
tarmac surface fires are breaking out
along the bottom of the aircraft
the risk is that if an engine or a
wingtip digs into soft ground that will
can't bill the airplane and the fuselage
will break up and passengers will be
injured or killed inside the plane the
drama is being filmed by one of the
passengers his fellow travelers
desperately bracing themselves as the
aircraft slides down the runway
then finally the Boeing 767 comes to a
halt
initially passengers applauding relief
but then as they noticed the black smoke
seeping into the cabin there is mass
panic
you came
it's a remarkable outcome despite a
critical technical failure not one of
the 231 people on board was injured the
aircraft are complex with complex parts
and they will fail however when all of
that does feel you can be reassured that
you still do have two human beings of
the front who are well trained their job
is to take care of themselves and take
care of you but there is one thing
pilots can't control
there are over 16 million lightning
storms across the world each year with
so much lightning it's not surprising
that on average every passenger plane in
Britain gets hit at least once a year
and when an aircraft is hit it can be
quite a shock for the pilot the first
time I encountered a lightning strike
was as a very young first officer and I
was frightened I was convinced the
airplane was broken
this Airbus a380 is in its final descent
into Heathrow Airport there are 500
people on board it's a miserable night
suddenly
several hundred million volts of
electricity blasts straight into the
roof of the cockpit
what happens next is truly shocking
absolutely nothing the plane carries on
is normal and it lands moments later
with no ill effects when they're struck
by lightning the conductivity is around
the outside of the aircraft it goes to
the other end of the aircraft and leaves
the aircraft and there is just not a
problem so it can make a bit of a noise
now the big flash sometimes the flash is
quite blinding but you know that it's
not actually going to affect the
aircraft but it's done it can affect the
passengers cuz of course they will hear
it and see it but you just need to
explain to them that there's no problem
yeah across fine if our last clip was
all down to mother nature then this next
one is a hundred percent man-made
this plane is about to land at the tiny
Caribbean Airport of Sint Barts
the pilot must complete a special
training course just to attempt landing
here
the thing that struck me about some box
was it's a really steep approach any
airport that's tricky to get into
you know it really does as a commercial
airline pilot watching the other pilots
land into these really tricky airfields
I just think it's amazing I just really
want to have a go
the pilots has managed to navigate the
almost vertical descent onto the runway
but he is not safe yet soon Bart's has a
notoriously short landing and suddenly
the beach is getting closer
and closer dude that guy's got a start
thankfully the pilot and his crew went
away without injury his plane in his
pride were little more damaged but this
is the only unique landing in this part
of the Caribbean in fact if you want to
visit some parts you'll need to catch a
connecting flight from it's bigger
next-door neighbor Sid Martins
every day planes fly just a few feet
over their heads of sunbathers relaxing
on the beach it's become quite a custom
here to wait for the Jumbos as they
bring a fresh lot of sun worshippers
straight to the island
this is Manchester International and
while this landing appears much more
straightforward than the one we have
just seen in Sint Maartens it isn't
on the flight deck the pilot is dealing
with a major incident just moments ago
he had to shut down one of his two
engines turning a routine flight into a
full-scale emergency landing the course
a bird
like 263 H had just taken off it was
traveling at close to 160 miles an hour
when this happened the black shape on
the right is a crow heading straight
into one of the planes to 800,000
horsepower engines
as the bird is sucked in flames start
shooting out
it's a very critical phase of flight
it's not a point at which they can
simply shut down the engines and land
there isn't sufficient runway available
so they are committed to flight
passengers can see the damage and the
pilot needs to react quickly
at this stage the pilot still can't be
certain what has caused the fire
I'm sure how badly his engine is damaged
he has no choice but to shut down one of
his two engines
all the strain of lifting the 100-ton
aircraft is now been taken up by just
one engine as the plane gains height the
pilots in the air traffic controllers
are already making plans for a
full-scale emergency landing
virgin sacrifices and so folks don't
stand like me under 53 good
but the damaged plane is not the only
problem debris from the impact of the
bird strike has forced Manchester
Airport to close down one of their two
runways some 263 Hotel release its left
is closed at Manchester due to play on
the angel
as well
to dr. Woodruff the captain and his crew
are now drawing on hundreds of hours
spent in aircraft simulators preparing
for a situation just like this one if
you're challenged by something that goes
wrong you want to make sure that you get
the aircraft on the ground safely and
the fact that you're carrying the 300
people to safety and is is part of it of
course it is but you have to focus
exactly on the task that you call at the
time so whatever challenge it is you
make sure you achieve that
the captain of flight 2 6 3 H still has
to get his plane and his 221 passengers
down safely
on the grounds fire crews are standing
by because a fully loaded 757 can carry
up to 45,000 litres of highly flammable
aviation fuel the big risk with any
emergency landing is always going to be
the risk of fire that's probably the
biggest concern that anybody has in
aviation because once a fire breaches
the aircraft cabin there are typically
no more than about two minutes before
conditions in the cabin become non
survivable but fire isn't the only
problem facing this flight with just one
engine the plane can pull to one side
running the risk that it could literally
turn the plane over
it might look like a straightforward
landing but this takes hundreds of hours
of training
the crew on that plane were very
experienced very well-trained at no time
did the crew get agitated or excited
they operated calmly professionally as
did air traffic control
the pilot of this plane executed a
perfect one engine landing but what
happens if both engines are struck down
coming up on the world's scariest plane
landed
it's time to meet the man who makes
miracles happen
I think he said she's going to the house
like 15:49 was routine and unremarkable
for the first 100 seconds and then it
instantly became an ultimate challenge
of a lifetime for all of us
welcome back to world's scariest plane
landings
we've seen nine of the most
extraordinary plane landings ever caught
on camera
but there is one landing that stands
above all others this event is just a
complete one-off it's just so
extraordinarily unusual it's hard to
imagine it being repeated this is the
Hudson River in New York City in 208
seconds
security cameras will record an event so
remarkable it will become known all over
the globe as The Miracle on the Hudson
you
on the 15th of January 2009 US Airways
flight 1549 departed LaGuardia Airport
in New York City bound for Seattle there
were a hundred and fifty five people on
D the plane was supposed to take off at
2:45 I don't think we took off until
about 3:30 3:30 ish in the cockpit 57
year-old captain Chesley Sullenberger
prepared his plane for takeoff
flight 1549 was routine and unremarkable
for the first 100 seconds and then it
instantly became an ultimate challenge
of a lifetime for all of us
in 100 seconds the Airbus a320 has
traveled just four and a half miles and
reached the height of just 2818 feet
then disaster a massive flock of geese
flies straight into the path of flight
I see the birds ahead of us I saw them
about one-and-a-half seconds before we
hit them about the length of one and a
half American football fields but
clearly not enough time to avoid them
and then I feel the thumps and thuds as
we strike this large block of birds from
side to side across the leading edges of
both wings onto the nose of the airplane
just below the level of cockpit windows
and into both engines and I immediately
hear and feel the the noises and the
terrible vibrations as the engines are
being damaged by these birds and then I
feel intensely the this momentum of the
airplane nearly stopped in midair it
feels as if the the bottom is falling
out of our world as we lose this thrust
that's been powering us uphill at least
one eight pound bird had been sucked
straight into the core
of the Airbus is to turbofan engines
both engines were dead the bird struck
at 27 minutes past three the plane
climbed slowly for a further 19 seconds
then with a hundred and fifty five
people on board it started to drop out
of the sky the crew instantly found
themselves in control of a glider
graders only go one way and that's then
they had to find somewhere the safest
option to put their aircraft don't you
have to be able to respond calmly to
emergencies no point throwing hands up
and saying I can't cope because that
that way lies a problem clearly all of
this comes back to training and being
the right sort of person not to
effectively crack under pressure all the
bird strike was shocking
I mean after almost 30 years of routine
flying in the air lines where we work
very hard never to be surprised by
anything this was instantly completely
different and I knew it as it was
happening I knew this was a
life-changing event for everyone on the
airplane their families captain
Sullenberger was now fighting for the
lives of everybody on board every
decision from this moment on was time
critical less than 30 seconds after the
bird strike using the codename cactus
Sully made contact with air traffic
controllers at LaGuardia Airport cactus
1539 a first for us to focus returning
back towards LaGuardia ok you need to
return a little buddy turn left heading
about to do their 2-0 dollar stop either
parkas got emergency returning this 1529
if the bird strike checked is 1529 which
engines
he lost for us and both ends azisa got
it
there are two airports below him
LaGuardia and Teterboro but within
seconds captain Sullenberger realizes he
won't be able to make either of them at
is 1529 we can get it feed do you want
to try to land one during one break or I
won't we may end up in Lhasa in 1529
turn right to eight there you can land
running one at Teterboro we can't do it
okay which one way would you like at
Teterboro or w though I'm sorry Seguin
cactus so what 0.788 I think he said he
was going about it it's the last time
air traffic control speaks to flight
1549 they know they can do no more
captain Sullenberger is gone what should
the good pilot be doing at this point he
should stop talking to air traffic
control they're just distracting them he
does that he does he hits all the right
buttons he's doing his job really well
he's a seasoned professional and it's
almost like you know his old career is
leading up to this there were only two
runways anywhere near us that we might
conceivably even be able to attempt to
reach and I had to judge whether or not
I would have the time and altitude and I
decided I just wasn't sure I could make
it I didn't think I could so the only
place left in the entire metropolitan
area one of the most densely populated
areas in the planet that was even
possible to to attempt a landing on that
was wide enough smooth enough long
enough for an airliner to try to land on
was the river there was nowhere else to
go
then flight 1549 began to appear on the
various security cameras dotted along
the Hudson River in New York City
planes that land on water will often
break up so the thing that the thing
that we're going through his mind is
that if a wingtip digs into the water or
if one of the engine pods digs into the
water then that can cartwheel the
airplane and the airplane won't survive
that it'll break up and that will kill a
lot of the passengers
then 208 seconds after the initial bird
strike captain Sullenberger
having collided his 70 ton aircraft down
from 3,000 feet touched down on the
river Hudson at a hundred and sixty
miles an hour
I knew it'd be a hard landing I didn't
know how hard and so that's why I chose
in my one announcement of the cabin to
use the word impact my priority at that
point when I said this is the captain
brace for impact
before the landing was to prevent
passenger injury during the landing
itself and I knew if I did that then the
people will be able to evacuate and be
rescued
but there was another problem the Hudson
River in January is barely above
freezing if rescue services didn't act
quickly
the remarkable landing would be in vain
passenger Mary Ann Bruce remembers the
scene the back of the plane has water
running in cold water freezing work
again I'm in five DS so I'm going
forward because we're at an incline I'm
going forward I'm not experiencing any
water and I'm going to sit on the raft
so it's only when I get on the raft that
I get some water because Ward is
splashing from the river and we're
trying to grab people to put them in the
raft to safety
I found that from people in the back of
the plane that there was tons of water
gushing in and before they could even
attempt to get to safety cold freezing
water and a lot of cases was up to their
neck the first ferry arrived alongside
us about 3 minutes 55 seconds after we
stopped and by the time I left the
airplane there were fairies around us
and the rescue was well underway
we were in need of help and so many
people reached out to us in so many ways
it felt as if all of New York and New
Jersey were reaching out to embrace us
to warm us
and when they did it was with blankets
from the American Red Cross
captain Sully faced with the ultimate
test of his piloting ability and sheer
nerve passed with flying colors every
one of the 155 people on board was down
safe
it's the scariest and greatest plane
landing in modern history
think I might go by boat next time not